## Customize an operator
Have you ever come across the following issues and wanted to implement an operator on your own?
- The threshold settings of the embedded operator are not up to scratch. 
- The embedded operator models do not meet the precision requirements.
- I find a novel SOTA model from a latest paper. 
- I'm fine tuning specific fields of the commonly used models. 



### Prerequisites
1. Proficient in Python programming.
2. Intimate knowledge of gRPC and protobuf.
3. Command of basic Docker commands.

### Customize an  operator 
To customer an operator:
1. Prepare a model. 
2. Implement an gRPC interface under the **rpc** directory. 
3. Tune and package it to a Docker image. 

### Example: Implement an operator
#### Directory structure of an operator
From example-custom-operator, you can see a simplest directory structure of an operator.  
1. The **data** directory holds scripts for downloading model files. When you download an image file, it is used to download models. 
2. The **rpc** directory holds python files generated by gRPC. 
3. The **server** file under the main directory keeps logics related to gRPC server. 
4. The **custom_operator** file under the main directory provides interfaces required by the rpc file. 

#### gRPC interface descriptions
You can find proto files [here](./rpc/rpc.proto).

You need to implement a total of three interfaces. 

1. Execute: Runs this operator. 
2. Healthy: Checks if the operator is up running.  
3. Identity: Returns information of the operator, such as name, type, and port.  
